With the ability of initialization by scf cli, we can quickly create a simple template project , and further develop it on the template project. The created template project has the required code files and configuration files, which can be packaged and deployed directly, or further modified for deployment.

## Initialization command

The project initialization operation is performed by the `scf init` command.

## Parameter Description

The support parameters of the `scf init` command are as follows:

Parameter | Required | Description | Example
--- | --- | --- | ---
name | no | The name of the generated project. If not filled in, the default value is demo | Test
runtime | no | The generated project runtime environment, optional values are nodejs6.10, python2.7, nodejs8.9, python3.6, php5, php7, go1. The default value is python3.6 | Python2.7
location | no | The location of the project template can support the location of templates such as git, mercurial, http, zip, and local directories. Get the default from the official template project address | 
output-dir | no | Specifies the directory where the project is generated. Default is current directory | /root/scf/code

## Use Cases

Run the following command to create a project named testproject with environment python2.7 in the /Users/xxx/code/scf directory.

```bash
$ scf init --runtime python2.7 --name testproject --output-dir /Users/xxx/code/scf/
[+] Initializing project...
Template: gh:NevenMoore/demo-python
Output-Dir: /Users/xxx/code/scf/
Project-Name: testproject
Runtime: python2.7
[*] Project initialization is complete

$ tree /Users/xxx/code/scf/testproject
/Users/xxx/code/scf/testproject
├── README.md
├── main.py
└── template.yaml

1 directory, 3 files
```
