## Operational scenario

The SCF CLI relies on the Python runtime environment, the pip package management tool, and the Docker tools when using local debugging before installation. We will complete the dependent installation, scf cli installation and configuration as follows:

1. [Install Python and pip](#InstallPythonAndPip)
2. [Install Docker (optional)](#InstallDocker)
3. [Install scf cli](#Installscf)
4. [Upgrade scf cli](#Updatescf)
5. [Configuring scf cli](#Configscf)

## Steps

<span id="InstallPythonAndPip"></span>

### Install Python and pip

#### Install Python

Since scf cli is developed using the Python language, you will need to complete the Python installation before installing scf cli. You can find the appropriate Python installer for your platform and the specified version on the [official download instructions page](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download) and the [official download address](https://www.python.org/downloads/) .

> It is recommended that you install Python 2.7 (and above) or Python 3.6 (and above).

- For Windows and Mac platforms, you can download the installation package directly from the Python official website and install it according to the way the normal software is installed.
- For Linux platforms, most Linux distributions already have a built-in Python environment. There is no built-in Linux distribution, you can complete the installation through the package management tool, or install it from the source code.

For more details, please visit the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/) .

#### Install pip

After completing the installation of the Python environment, you need to install Python's package management tool pip. By using pip, you can easily install and upgrade the complete scf. Through [the official installation guide of pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/) , you can find the easiest way to install pip as follows:

1. Execute the following command to download the get-pip.py file.

```
curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
```

> You can also save the file locally by accessing the get-pip.py file online. [Please click here>>] (https://bootstrap.pypa.io/ get-pip.py)

1. Run the following command to install pip.

```
python get-pip.py
```

1. Run the following command to verify that the pip is successfully installed.

```bash
$ pip --version
```

Returning the following information means the installation is successful.

```
pip 18.1 from /Library/Python/2.7/site-packages/pip (python 2.7)
```

<span id="InstallDocker"></span>

### Install Docker (optional)

Scf cli supports the usage of Docker container management tools to launch and use containers as an environment to run function code locally. The scf cli local invoke command will use Docker's management interface to implement the relevant interactions. For example, run the code inside the container and get the run log inside the container.

> !
> - If you need to use local debugging and running capabilities, make sure Docker is installed correctly.
> - Skip this step if you don't currently need to use Docker or plan to install Docker later.

#### Install Docker on Windows

Installing and running a container on a Windows platform requires virtualization capabilities to the operating system. Windows 7 and earlier have different Docker installation methods than Windows 10.

- **For Microsoft Windows 10 Professional or Enterprise 64-bit versions**

    1. Visit [ the Windows version download address for docker-ce-desktop](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows) .
    2. Sign up and log in to the site.
    3. Download `the Docker for Windows Installer` installation file.
    4. Double-click the installation file to start the installation.

Once the installation is complete, Docker will start automatically and the little whale logo will appear in the notification bar.

- **For Windows 7 and earlier**

 For Windows versions that do not meet Docker Desktop requirements, Use `Docker Toolbox` for Docker installation.

1. Visit the [ Docker Toolbox overview page](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/) for the Windows version of the Toolbox download address.
2. According to the [ Windows installation instructions ](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/toolbox_install_windows/) provided by Toolbox, double-click the Toolbox installation tool to install the Toolbox. Components such as cli, docker machine, docker VirtualBox are integrated into Toolbox.
3. Once the installation is complete, double-click the Docker QuickStart icon on your desktop to launch Docker.

Once Docker finished starting, a terminal screnn will show and wait for input. You can input ` docker version ` cmd to sure Docker is successfully installed and started.

#### Install Docker on your Mac

- **For Apple Mac OS Sierra 10.12 and above**

    1. Visit the [Mac version of docker-ce-desktop](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac) to download the address .
    2. Download the docker.dmg installation package.
    3. Double-click the installation file to start the installation.

Once the installation is complete, Docker's little whale logo will appear on the top status bar, indicating that Docker has finished booting.

- **For Apple Mac OS below Sierra 10.12**

For Apple Mac OS below Sierra 10.12 , need to use `Docker Toolbox`  for Docker Installtion.

1. Visit the [ Docker Toolbox overview page ](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/) for the Mac version of the Toolbox download address.
2. According to the [ macOS installation instructions ](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/toolbox_install_mac/) provided by Toolbox, double-click the Toolbox installation tool to install the Toolbox.
3. Once the installation is complete, double-click the new Docker Quickstart Terminal icon in Launchpad to launch Docker.

Once Docker finished starting, a terminal screnn will show and wait for input. You can use ` docker version ` cmd to sure Docker is successfully installed and started.

#### Install Docker on Linux

Docker in Linux can be installed through the package management tools included with each release, or it can be installed via a binary package. The Linux installation methods for different distributions can be found in the following links:

- **CentOS**

    1. Get the [ CentOS version of the Docker installation package ](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/) .
    2. Install Docker by executing the ` sudo yum install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io ` command.

- **Debian**

    1. Get the [ Debian version of the Docker installation package ](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/debian/) .
    2. Install Docker by executing the `sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io` command.

- **Fedora**

    1. Get the [ Fedora version of the Docker installation package ](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/) .
    2. Install Docker by executing the `sudo dnf install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io` command.

- **Ubuntu**

    1. Get the [ Ubuntu version of the Docker installation package ](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) .
    2. Install Docker by executing the  `sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io` command.

- **Binary package**

    1. Get the [binary package](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) .
    2. Unzip and run the binary package to complete the download and installation of Docker.

<span id="Installscf"></span>

### Install scf cli

1. Execute the following command to complete the installation of scf.

```bash
$ pip install scf
```

1. Execute the following command to verify that scf is successfully installed.

```bash
$ scf --version
```

Returning the following information, the installation is successful.

```
SCF CLI, version 0.0.1
```

If it is an Ubuntu environment, after executing the above command, it will prompt an error like "Cannot find scf command", you need to perform the following steps to add the scf installation path to the PATH environment variable:

```bash
$ export PATH=$PATH:~/.local/bin
```

1. For Unix-like operating systems, you can execute the following command to start the auto-completion of the scf command.

```bash
$ eval "$(_SCF_COMPLETE=source scf)" 
```

<span id="Updatescf"></span>

### Upgrade scf cli

If you have already installed scf cli, you can upgrade scf cli to the latest version by following the steps below.

1. Run the following command to complete the upgrade of scf cli.

```bash
$ pip install -U scf
```

1. Run the following command to verify that the scf cli is successfully upgraded.

```bash
$ scf --version
```

Returns a message similar to the following, you can view the upgraded version by version number.

```
SCF CLI, version 0.0.2
```

<span id="Configscf"></span>

### Configuring scf cli

After the installation of scf cli is complete, you need to perform initial configuration and configure the account information in the configuration file of scf cli for subsequent use.

#### 1. Get configuration information

The scf cli configurable content includes the default operating area, account ID, SecretID of the account, and SecretKey. The location of each configuration information is as follows:

- Region: The region where the product is expected to belong. The geographical list and corresponding English writing can be referred to [here](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6091#.E4.B8.AD.E5.9B.BD.E5.A4.A7.E9.99.86.E5.8C.BA.E5.9F.9F) .
- Account ID: APPID. You can query your account ID by accessing [Account Center] > [ [Account Information](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/developer) ] in the console.
- SecretID and SecretKey: refers to the key ID and key Key of the cloud API. You can obtain the relevant key or create a related key by logging in [ [Access Management Console ](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cam/overview)] and selecting [Cloud API Key] > [ [API Key Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cam/capi) ].

#### 2. Configuration operation

scf configure set the obtained configuration information into scf cli by executing the `scf configure set` command.

For example, the user wants to use the cloud function in Guangzhou, and obtains the account ID of 1253970223, and the SecretId and SecretKey are AKIxxxxxxxxxx and uxxlxxxxxxxx respectively.

You can complete the configuration of scf cli by executing the following commands and entering the corresponding information as prompted:

```shell
$ scf configure set
TencentCloud appid(None): 1253970223
TencentCloud region(None): ap-guangzhou
TencentCloud secret-id(********************************): AKIxxxxxxxxxx
TencentCloud secret-key(****************************): uxxlxxxxxxxx
Allow report information to help us optimize scfcli(Y/n):
```

Scf also supports appending parameters after the command to configure [users who have already configured can skip this step]

```bash
$ scf configure set --region ap-guangzhou --appid 1253970223 --secret-id AKIxxxxxxxxxx --secret-key uxxlxxxxxxxx
```

You can also modify a configuration item by executing the `scf configure set` command.

For example, if you modify the usage area to Shanghai, you can execute the following command:

```bash
$ scf configure set --region ap-shanghai
```

#### 3. Query operation

Run the following command to get the configured information.

```bash
$ scf configure get
```

Returns information similar to the following configuration:

```
API config:
appid = 1253970223
region = ap-guangzhou
secret-id = AKIxxxxxxxxxx
secret-key = uxxlxxxxxxxx
```
