Through the SCF CLI, we can simply execute commands to deploy local cloud function projects to the cloud, and view logs of cloud function runs on the local CLI.

## Function deployment

Scf cli completes the function package deployment through the `deploy` subcommand. The scf command line tool deploys the code package, function configuration, and other information specified in the configuration file to the cloud or updates the functions of the cloud according to the specified function template configuration file.

> The execution of the `scf deploy` command is based on the function template configuration file. For the description and writing of the specific template file, please refer to the [template file description](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/33454) .

### Parameter Description

The parameters supported by the `scf deploy` command are as follows:

参数 | Shorthand | Required | 描述 | Example
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
template-file | -t | no | Function project deployment configuration file, support yaml format file | deploy.yaml
forced | -f | no | Forces the update and overwrites the original function when the function already exists. Default is false | 
cos-bucket | -c | no | Upload the code package to the specified COS bucket | test-cos
name | -n | no | Function name | test-func
namespace | -ns | no | Namespace, default is default | test-ns
region | -r | no | Deployment area, default is the region configured by `scf configure` | ap-beijing
skip-event | no | no | Maintain the old version of the trigger, do not override the trigger this time | 

### Use example

Go to the function project directory, execute the following command, and deploy the package.

```bash
$ cd /Users/xxx/code/scf/testproject

$ scf deploy
Compress function './.tcf_build/default-test-func-latest.zip' to zipfile 'default-test-func-latest.zip' success
Deploy namespace 'default' begin
Deploy function 'testproject' success
Deploy namespace 'default' end
```

After the deployment is successful, you can query the created "testproject" function in the function list on the console.

> • If you need to modify the code, redeploy it after you have finished modifying the code. If the template configuration file is not modified, the function will update.

After modifying the code, an example of the operation that needs to be repackaged and uploaded is as follows:

```bash
$ cd testproject
$ vim index.py

$ scf deploy
Deploy  function 'testproject' success

```

## Code upload method

Currently, the scf cli tool supports the following two upload methods:

- 通过 COS 对象存储上传代码
- Upload code via a local zip package

<span id="COSUploadCode"></span>

### 通过 COS 对象存储上传代码

When you use the `deploy` command, you can upload the zip package to the specified bucket by specifying the cos bucket parameter. When deployed, the cloud will pull the code package from the cos bucket.

#### Use example

This example assumes that the testproject project is created in the /Users/xxx/code/scf directory under the environment Python 2.7.

1. Run the following command to enter the corresponding directory, package the configuration file, and specify the COS bucket as "temp-code-1253970226".

> ! The COS bucket needs to be in the same region as the function.

```bash
$ cd /Users/xxx/code/scf/testproject
$ scf deploy --cos-bucket temp-code-1253970226
Compress function './.tcf_build/default-testproject-latest.zip' to zipfile 'default-testproject-latest.zip' success
2019-07-17 10:42:20 put object, url=:https://temp-code-1253970226.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/default-testproject-latest-2019-07-17-10-42-20.zip ,headers=:{'x-cos-acl': 'public-read', 'Content-Type': 'application/x-zip-compressed'}
Upload function zip file 'default-testproject-latest-2019-07-17-10-42-20.zip' to COS bucket 'temp-code-1253970226' success
```

According to the information returned, after learning to create the zip file locally, scf will pass the zip package to the COS bucket. The cloud pulls the code package from the COS bucket and deploys it successfully.

### Upload code via a local zip package

> When you create a function by uploading code in a local zip package, the size of the zip package cannot be greater than 30MB. A zip package larger than 30MB will not be able to create functions directly. If the zip package is larger than 30MB, it is recommended that you choose to create the COS object storage upload code .

The examples in the `delpoy` subcommand are all done in a local zip package upload. When using the native code package upload method, the `deploy` subcommand does not need to have the cos-bucket parameter. scf cli will package the local code and generate a zip file with a random name and deploy it to the cloud.
