The test event generation structure can be quickly generated by testing the template generation command. The generated simulation event structure can be used to debug the cloud function directly, or it can be imported into a file and modified according to actual needs to implement your customized test template.

## Command description

Scf cli generates test templates with the `local generate-event` command. The simulation test template content of the specified trigger can be generated by executing different subcommands.

使用触发器及触发器内详细事件的命令格式为 `scf local generate-event {trigger} {trigger-event}`。例如，模拟对象存储（COS）的 PUT 事件，命令为 `scf local generate-event cos put`。更多详细的触发器及事件见如下表格：

触发器 | 事件 | Description
--- | --- | ---
apigateway | proxy | API 网关响应请求事件
ckafka | consume | Ckafka 消费消息事件
cmq | notification | CMQ Topic message event
cos | post/put/delete | 对象存储的 POST、PUT、DELETE 事件
timer | timeup | Timing trigger event

## Use command

The command to generate a test template will output the JSON content of the test template directly at the terminal. An example is as follows:

```bash
$ scf local generate-event cos post
{
  "Records": [
    {
      "cos": {
        "cosSchemaVersion": "1.0", 
        "cosObject": {
          "url": "http://testpic-1253970026.cos.ap-guangzhou.myqcloud.com/testfile", 
          "meta": {
            "Content-Type": "", 
            "x-cos-request-id": "NWMxOWY4MGFfMjViMjU4NjRfMTUyMV8yNzhhZjM="
          }, 
          "key": "/1253970026/testpic/testfile", 
          "vid": "", 
          "size": 1029
        }, 
        "cosBucket": {
          "region": "gz", 
          "name": "testpic", 
          "appid": "1253970026"
        }, 
        "cosNotificationId": "unkown"
      }, 
      "event": {
        "eventVersion": "1.0", 
        "eventTime": 1545205770, 
        "requestParameters": {
          "requestSourceIP": "59.37.125.38", 
          "requestHeaders": {
            "Authorization":"q-signature=098ac7dfe9cf21116f946c4b4c29001c2b449b14"
          }
        }, 
        "eventName": "cos:ObjectCreated:Post", 
        "reqid": 179398952, 
        "eventSource": "qcs::cos", 
        "eventQueue": "qcs:0:lambda:cd:appid/1253970026:default.printevent.$LATEST", 
        "reservedInfo": ""
      }
    }
  ]
}

```

### Local test trigger function

The generated commands can be used directly in the local trigger call function by means of the shell pipeline. For example, execute the `scf local generate-event cos post | scf local invoke -t template.yaml testfunction` command to use the COS POST emulation event for function trigger entry and call the testfunction function locally.

### Generate file

Test template files can be quickly generated by outputting to a file. Based on the test template file, you can modify it to better match the test template you need. For example, executing the `scf local generate-event cos post > event.json` command will generate an event.json file containing the contents of the COS POST test event in the current directory.
